Manual installation jenkins (#18)
DataDog/ciapp-alpha-docs: docs/pipelines/jenkins.md

APM Traces feature is only available if the `Datadog Agent` mode is selected.

> ### Manual installation from your local station

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Manual installation from your local machine
```

> ### Manual installation from your local station

Reviewer 2: is it going to override the existing version of the plugin? or do they need to delete anything first?

Author: This will override the existing version of the plugin. Adding it to the docs.

Author: Added 👍🏼

> During the alpha phase, you could need install a release candidate artifact from your local station manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the alpha phase, you might need to install a release candidate artifact from your local machine manually.
```

To do that, you can follow the next steps:
* Access to `$JENKINS_URL/pluginManager/advanced`

> * In the `Upload Plugin` section, upload the `datadog.hpi` artifact from your local station.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the `Upload Plugin` section, upload the `datadog.hpi` artifact from your local machine.
```
